I am a highly skilled confident and professional research scientist as well as an experienced project and science manager, passionate about science writing, communication and dissemination. I am very rational, results oriented and a team player. I am a very analytic person with the capacity of resolving complex problems thinking out of the box. I am an effective communicator with negotiation abilities, able to treat with diverse actors, including clients and providers.  I am also very decisive. I like to do what I have to do in the best possible way but as soon as possible.

After graduating in biotechnology with a Bachelor's degree, I decided to pursue an M.Sc. in biophysics. During that year, I was introduced to theoretical chemistry, which I realized was my passion. So I decided to pursue another M.Sc. in theoretical and computational chemistry. During that year, I met Dr. Ramon Crehuet, who become my Ph.D. advisor for the next four years at the Institute of Advanced Chemistry of Catalonia (IQAC-CSIC), in Barcelona, Spain.

When I finished the Ph.D., I had a formal postdoc offer from a research group in France, but for personal reasons, I decided to remain in Barcelona. At that point, it was clear to me that I wanted to do something at the borderline between computational chemistry and, if possible, pharmaceutical research, where computer-aided drug design is now a commonly used technique in the discovery and development of new drugs.

Before my Ph.D. defense, I started to work at Mind The Byte (MtB), also in Barcelona, a startup devoted to developing new computational chemistry software for the pharma- and biotech industries. We provided consultancy services, acting as a Clinical Research Organisation (CRO) in computational chemistry and related fields such as bioinformatics. Moreover, MtB regularly participated in regional, national, and Europe-wide funded projects. I joined the company as a computational chemist and progressed to Scientific Director. In addition to drug discovery, MtB gave me experience in real-world business operations, such as the acquisition of our main national competitor.

I left Mind The Byte after four years to join Molomics in March 2019 as a Senior Research Scientist in computational chemistry and data science. Molomics is a company that advances the search for structurally new small molecule therapeutics using artificial intelligence (AI) empowered by human knowledge. In Molomics, I look for candidate molecules to became therapeutic agents against central nervous system (CNS) disorders, mainly Parkinson's disease.

Since 2015, I have also worked as a course instructor at the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya, a private university based in Barcelona, in the M.Sc. program in Bioinformatics and Biostatistics., teaching Python as well as directing and evaluating M.Sc. thesis
